hello ana sons of bitches
do not wait for you not
that are my audience and they are going to put the stars
Well today I'll give you reasons why you should shoot yourself if you have
a console or change to the pc
in the PC you can modify the graphics of the games to your liking and not wait for
see what the programmers say
the pc has antialiasing for 16 and filtering antis tropic
thing that consoles do not
because the pc can have updates that not only improve the performance of the
game but also repair box and improve the gameplay
by the mox in the apc you can modify your game as many times as you sing in
change in the console this is not possible because its structure is crap
the free expansions for pc like him the coas for the best saga of the
world
alzola time
The advantage of having a keyboard which is easier to handle and allows
Set the keys to make you more comfortable
the bad taste to shoot with total precision
more comfortable and you do not have to walk around with those ugly crowns
If you prefer you can put a I insisted katu pc
You can tune the PC your way to make it more fun
the pc will have direct x11
and the consoles do not
The structure of the PC makes it possible for you to get the most out of
technology
like the great processors of 80 cores instead
the ps3 only has one core and 8 mini devices that help but are not
nuclear and because of that the console does not even reach the speed of the
toaster with its 9 ghz
the pc reaches 14 ghz with its quad-core processors of 3 or
4 ghz of speed
many complain about the laziness of installing the game but the people
smart like me and a subscriber looked we know that that time makes it
give faith in the game and that I enjoyed it more when you play it
all the time that is lost when installing
It is won in loading time
also if you install it, you do not have to worry about the disc disappearing
there are not like the powerful readers of the pc who do not hurt the PC or
themselves unlike the one of the caí station 3
Sorry that that escaped me that is broken only damages your console due to
that makes you try too hard to read the disk
PC games are cheap, not like console games that are always more expensive
because sony and microsoft
they put a tax on the game for the license and if you can not download the
you should not waste a bunch on an HD TV
you should not have a black steamroller a white toaster in your house
the consoles break easily
and they are very difficult to repair instead the pc can repair it yourself
Being close to the monitor means that you feel close to what you feel
also generates the mauser and helps the excitement of games such as in
to jubail
those who say that consoles are better because they are cheaper this is
the answer that most makes me meet g
My sons
what guilt is bilingual and if they are poor vagabonds that do not reach them
for a used chewing gum
it is also worth it for the quality of the games and the extra activities that
can you do
in the pc you can surf the internet in the easiest way and make videos with
I tell it and moby mater like me now
in the apc you can play online with many more players than with the
consoles
twenty-one
all the games look better I started and they are more fun
in the PC can play all the games with emulators or loading a system
oldest virtual operating
here I say goodbye and coherent